{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Case Study: Imaging on the Expansion ASLM\
======================================\
\
This is a case study in using the software to image with a Expansion ASLM_.\
\
Setting the beam parameters\
---------------------------\
\
Make sure the imaging chamber is empty or, if a sample is mounted, the sample is not in the beam path.\
\
#. Select "Continuous Scan" from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`. This will launch a live acquisition mode.\
#. Go to the :guilabel:`Channels` tab. Choose the wavelength you want to align. Set the laser's :guilabel:`Power` to `100.0`. Change :guilabel:`Filter` to an "Empty" option.\
#. Go to the :menuselection:`Microscope Configuration --> Waveform Parameters`. A popup named :guilabel:`Waveform Parameter Settings` will appear. Make sure the :guilabel:`Mode` matches "mesoSPIM BT" and the :guilabel:`Magnification` matches the magnification of the objective you are using.\
#. :guilabel:`Galvo 0` digitally sweeps the beam across the field of view. To align the axially-swept light sheet parameters, set the :guilabel:`Galvo 0` :guilabel:`Amplitude` to `0.0`. Set the :guilabel:`Offset` so that the beam is centered in the field of view. Click the :guilabel:`Camera View` to toggle the crosshairs, which indicate the center of the field of view. Adjust the :guilabel:`F` (focus) value in the :guilabel:`Stage Control` panel until the beam is as thin/focused as possible.\
#. The empty filter makes us susceptible to seeing particles scattering light in the chamber. This can effect the software's autoscaling routine. To ensure we are looking at the beam correctly, uncheck :guilabel:`Autoscale` and set the :guilabel:`Min Counts` and :guilabel:`Max Counts` so the beam is visible, but not saturating the display.\
#. Set the wavelength's :guilabel:`Amplitude` to `0.0`. Set the wavelength's :guilabel:`Offset` so that the beam is focused in the center of the field of view.\
#. Go to :guilabel:`Camera Settings` and ensure that "Light-Sheet" is selected under :guilabel:`Sensor Mode`. Slowly increase the wavelength's :guilabel:`Amplitude` until the beam becomes a straight line across the screen. If the beam does not become straighter, try changing the camera's :guilabel:`Readout Direction`.\
#. Once the beam is straight, slowly change the wavelength's :guilabel:`Offset` until the beam has an even thickness across the field of view.\
#. Slowly increase :guilabel:`Galvo 0`'s :guilabel:`Amplitude` until the entire field of view is just covered by the swept beam.\
#. Under :guilabel:`Waveform Parameter Settings`, press :guilabel:`Save Configuration`.\
#. Under the :guilabel:`Channels` tab, restore the filter to its non-empty position.\
\
\
Loading and finding the sample\
------------------------------\
\
#. Load the sample on the microscope.\
#. Select "Continuous Scan" from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`. This will launch a live acquisition mode.\
#. Scroll around with the stage either via joystick or using the controls in the :guilabel:`Stage Control` tab until the sample comes into view.\
#. If using the joystick to move to the stage into the correct position, press the :guilabel:\strokec3 `\strokec2 STOP\strokec3 ` button under the :guilabel:`Stage Control` tab to update the stage positions in the software after moving the stage.\
\strokec2 \
.. z_stack:\
\
Imaging a Z-Stack using Z-Stack Mode\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 -------------------------------------\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 #. Select "Continuous Scan" from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`. This will launch a live acquisition mode.\
#. Using the :guilabel:`Stage Control`, go to a shallow Z-position in the sample. Under the :guilabel:`Channels` tab, in :guilabel:`Stack Acquistion Settings (um)` press :guilabel:`Set Start Pos/Foc`.\
#. Go to a deep Z-position in the sample. Press :guilabel:`Set End Pos/Foc`.\
#. Type the desired step size (units um) in the \strokec3 :guilabel:`Step Size` dialog box  :guilabel:`Stack Acquistion Settings (um)`\strokec2 . Step size can only be increments of 0.1 um and the minimum is 0.2 um. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 #. Select the number of color channels needed imaging in the :guilabel:`Channel tab` under :guilabel: `Channel Settings`. Select the correct filter for each channel by using the dropdown menu after each channel under the :guilabel:`Filter` tab\
#. Change the exposure time by changing number in the :guilabel:`Exp. Time (ms)` for each channels. For the ORCA Lightning camera using ASLM mode, the minimum frame rate is 75 ms and the maximum is 100 ms. \
#. Set :guilabel:`Interval` to be 1.0 for each channel.\
#. Set :guilabel:`Defocus` to be 0 for each channel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 #. Select "Z-Stack" from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`.\
#. Enter the sample parameters in the :guilabel:`File Saving Dialog` that pops up. Press :guilabel:`Acquire Data`.\
\
Imaging a Z-Stack using Constant Velocity Acquisition\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 -----------------------------------------------------\
. Select "Continuous Scan" from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`. This will launch a live acquisition mode.\
#. Using the :guilabel:`Stage Control`, go to a shallow Z-position in the sample. Under the :guilabel:`Channels` tab, in :guilabel:`Stack Acquistion Settings (um)` press :guilabel:`Set Start Pos/Foc`.\
#. Go to a deep Z-position in the sample. Press :guilabel:`Set End Pos/Foc`.\
#. Type the desired step size (units um) in the :guilabel:`Step Size` dialog box  :guilabel:`Stack Acquistion Settings (um)`. Step size can only be increments of 0.1 um and the minimum step size is 0.2 um. \
#. Select the number of color channels needed imaging in the :guilabel:`Channel tab` under :guilabel: `Channel Settings`. Select the correct filter for each channel by using the dropdown menu after each channel under the :guilabel:`Filter` tab\
#. Change the exposure time by changing number in the :guilabel:`Exp. Time (ms)` for each channels. For the ORCA Lightning camera using ASLM mode, the minimum frame rate is 75 ms and the maximum is 100 ms. \
#. Set :guilabel:`Interval` to be 1.0 for each channel.\
#. Set :guilabel:`Defocus` to be 0 for each channel.\
#. Select \'93Constant Velocity Acquisition\'94  from the dropdown next to the :guilabel:`Acquire` button. Press :guilabel:`Acquire`.\
#. Enter the sample parameters in the :guilabel:`File Saving Dialog` that pops up. Press :guilabel:`Acquire Data`.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
}